I usually teach English at a language school in the summer. I often can’t enjoy the summer because I am so busy.
So this summer, I’m not planning to work. Instead, I’m going to have a proper summer holiday. I’m going to buy a
campervan and drive around Ireland. I’m going to visit lots of beautiful beaches and learn to surf! I’m mostly going
to travel alone, but I will visit friends. One friend, Cathy, is a school teacher, so she has a long summer holiday,
so hopefully, we will spend a week or two together. Another Irish friend, Joe, has a new house there, so I’ll stay with
 him for a few days and help him paint the rooms.
Last year, I did a surfing instructor course, and I spent the summer teaching people to surf. It was great! I was in the
sea and sun all day, and every evening, my friends and I had a barbecue on the beach. The surf school asked me to return
this summer, but I’m not going to do that. Last autumn, I learned to scuba dive, and I’m going to do a diving instructor
course soon. Then, I plan to teach diving all summer to earn some money. I don’t want to stay in the UK. It’s too cold
here! I want to fly to Greece or Egypt. I’ll go there alone. I’m sure I will meet lots of cool people there!
Well, last month, my friend Alfie and I had a crazy idea. We decided to cycle from the south of England to the north of
Scotland, from Land’s End to John o’Groats. It’s an 874-mile trip! It takes ten to fourteen days. But I’m not a fast cyclist
, and I want to enjoy visiting different places, so we plan to ride for four weeks. We will visit historic cities like Bath
and Edinburgh, cycle through the pretty countryside and visit museums and castles on the way. Alfie wanted to camp, but I’d
like a comfortable bed at the end of each day, so we are going to stay in guest houses. I hope it doesn’t rain a lot, but
 I hope it’s not too hot either!
A Way with Words is a radio show and podcast that features light-hearted conversation about language change, debates, and
differences, as well as new words, old sayings, slang, family expressions, word origins and histories, etymology, linguistics,
regional dialects, word games and puzzles, grammar, books, literature, writers and writing, and more.
Listeners of all backgrounds join author/journalist Martha Barnette and linguist/lexicographer Grant Barrett on the
show with their thoughts, questions, and stories about how language and words matter.
Listen to all episodes on this website with show notes.
Hear the show coast-to-coast in North America by radio on many NPR stations.
Subscribe to hear all episodes via podcast apps on iOS and Android.
Sample the frequently asked questions segments.